feat: `bring python` (#191)
winglang/winglibs: python/README.md

# python

> A Wing library for integrating with Python code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Wing library for running Python code in inflight.
```

## Prerequisites

* [winglang](https://winglang.io).

## Installation

```sh
npm i @winglibs/python
```

## Usage

```js
bring python;

let func = new python.Function(
  path: "./test-assets",
  handler: "main.handler",
);

test "invokes the function" {
  let res = func.invoke();
}
```

It is also possible to interact with Wing resources through the python code

```js
// main.w
let bucket = new cloud.Bucket();

> let func = new python.Function(

Reviewer: How would this work with something like e.g. `cloud.Api`?

Ideally this would have been a `python.Inflight` instead of `python.Function` and then maybe I could do:

```js
let api = new cloud.Api();
api.post("/users", python.Inflight(...));
```

Not sure how this would work but that would be my ideal DX, no?

Or event `python.inflight()` (all lowercase)

Reviewer: Yes I understand the problem...

Generics...

Can we do something like this?

```js
python.Api.inflight()
python.Function.inflight()
```

  path: "./test-assets",
  handler: "main.handler",
);

> func.liftClient("bucket", bucket, ["get", "put"]);

Reviewer: I think `lift()` should be sufficient:

```suggestion
func.lift("bucket", bucket, ["get", "put"]);
```

I think we can also use keywords to make this nicer:

```js
func.lift(bucket, as: "my_bucket", allow: ["get", "put"]);
```

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: I like this API suggestion. 
@eladcon, once you move forward lets also make these API  changes to tsoa

```

```python
# main.py

> from wing_helper import *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from wing import *
```

The `_helper` is not adding any context (and actually "from wing import *" reads so nice).

def handler(event, context):

>   client = get_client("bucket")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  client = lift("bucket")
```

I would also call this `lift()` or `lifted()`

  client.put("test.txt", "Hello, world!")
  
  return {
    "statusCode": 200,
    "body": "Hello!"
  }
```

> #### Supported Wing Resource:

Reviewer: :-)
